feat: blog: Vue Uncategorized rules to have a better life (#295)
eslint/eslint.org: src/content/drafts/vue-rules-better-life.md

---
layout: post

> title: Vue Uncategorized rules to have a better life

Reviewer: Maybe a bit clearer?
```suggestion
title: Exploring useful uncategorized rules in the Vue ESLint plugin
```

> teaser: "Some useful Uncategorized Vue rules that will make your daily life a little easier."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
teaser: "The Vue ESLint plugin has several rules that are uncategorized and it turns out many will make your daily life a little easier."
```

authors:
  - BobToninho
categories:
  - Case Studies
tags:
  - Guest Post
  - Rules
---

> ## Introduction

Reviewer: We don’t need a heading here. The first few paragraphs always considered the introduction. 
```suggestion
```

> The [esling-plugin-vue](https://eslint.vuejs.org/) plugin divides its rules in the following categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The official Vue ESLint plugin, [eslint-plugin-vue](https://eslint.vuejs.org/), groups its rules into the following categories:
```

- Base
- Essential
- Strongly recommended
- Recommended
- Uncategorized
- Extensions

> I spent some time digging into the *uncategorized* category to see what can be useful to help avoid distractions in commits and, of course, to enforce the same style in all parts of a Vue project. In my opinion, all Vue projects should use the Recommended category, which enforces a lot (if not all) of the topics mentioned in the [style guide](https://vuejs.org/style-guide/).

Reviewer: Some cleanup, and the last sentence doesn’t fit with the paragraph or the rest of the article. 

```suggestion
I spent some time digging into the uncategorized category to see which rules might be useful to help avoid problems in commits and to enforce the same style in all parts of a Vue project. In my opinion, all Vue projects should use the Recommended category, which enforces a lot (if not all) of the topics mentioned in the [style guide](https://vuejs.org/style-guide/).
```

> I spent some time digging into the *uncategorized* category to see what can be useful to help avoiding distractions in commits and, of course, to enforce the same style in all parts of a Vue project. In my opinion, all Vue projects should use the Recommended category, which enforces a lot (if not all) of the topics mentioned in the [style guide](https://vuejs.org/style-guide/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
I spent some time digging into the *uncategorized* category to see what can be useful to help avoid distractions in commits and, of course, to enforce the same style in all parts of a Vue project. In my opinion, all Vue projects should use the Recommended category, which enforces a lot (if not all) of the topics mentioned in the [style guide](https://vuejs.org/style-guide/).
```

### `vue/component-name-in-template-casing`

I like to keep the rule this way:

```json
{
  "vue/component-name-in-template-casing": ["error", "PascalCase"]
}
```

> The PascalCase convention for component names helps distinguish more clearly a component from an actual HTML element. Additionaly, depending on the theme, your editor or IDE will highlight a component in PascalCase with a different color with respect to an actual HTML element. In my experience, I find this small tweak especially useful when managing big components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The PascalCase convention for component names helps distinguish more clearly a component from an actual HTML element. Additionally, depending on the theme, your editor or IDE will highlight a component in PascalCase with a different color with respect to an actual HTML element. In my experience, I find this small tweak especially useful when managing big components.
```
